Others we randomly assign to procrastinate by dangling Minesweeper in front of them for either five or 10 minutes.
I've worked with plants, bacteria, cuttlefish, fruit flies.
The issue of asylum seekers in Australia has been so extremely politicized that it has lost its human face.
Which means that no matter how destructive and terrible violence is, if people see it as their only choice, they will use it.
So you think of these areas.
You're afraid if you look for your passion and don't find it, you'll feel like you're an idiot, so then you make excuses about why you're not going to look for your passion.
So we need to understand these groups; we need to either engage them or defeat them in any conflict resolution process that has to be successful.
In Buddhism, the lotus is a symbol for transcendence and for purity of mind and spirit.
We work to promote healthy vibrant societies, to ameliorate human suffering, to promote a more thoughtful, substantive, empathic world order.
Actually, do you know that old philosophical thing, "If a tree falls in a forest, and nobody hears it, did it happen?"
These are questions that play out in every single place on the planet.
And this fear is what causes us to be conservative in our thinking.
Bradbury was alarmed at this cultural crackdown.
These are just two examples of the six classes of chemotherapy drugs we use to treat cancer today.
But some were for working, some were for playing, some were for guys to collect their things.
And good lying requires two key ingredients.
So there's some problem with these metrics now.
There's something about this cyclical version of doing something over and over and over that seems to be particularly demotivating.
But no other experience has felt as true to my childhood dreams as living amongst and documenting the lives of fellow wanderers across the United States.
Like I said, I'm a designer and I would like to change things through design.
So exciting that mathematicians have chosen to symbolize this kind of calculation, known as a factorial, with an exclamation mark.
So I'm troubled when I see them like there's no hope.
I think this is still going to work, mostly.
Three women raised their hand, and I've asked this question of women all around the globe in the five years since, and the percentage is never much different.
Governments in post-conflict situation often respond by puffing up the civil service.
There's no lights inside the skull. There's no sound either.
We invented the whole lot of them.
You know Viennese audiences usually don't interfere with the music.
What would reasonable adjustments look like for me?
And it turned out that they don't know themselves. For some reason, the car drivers are -- they are confident they actually drive the same way that they used to do.
One is to give up on democracy; it doesn't work.
Back in the 60s, Ekman identified six core expressions.
We have the Southern right whale that we see here and the North Atlantic right whale that we see here with a mom and calf off the coast of Florida.
And these rovers are our robotic emissaries.
That means hit the ball into the outfield, it dropped, it didn't get caught, and whoever tried to throw it to first base didn't get there in time and the runner was safe.
Well, I think it's cool, but we should be doing that stuff ourselves.
In fact, of those 20,000, 8,000 were thought to be females.
And the last time the rich guy invited us, he also invited a couple of philosophers.
You know, in the next 50 years we're going to have to grow 70 percent more food than we do right now, 70 percent.
That characteristic frequency is what we need to make our clock.
Secondly, under the beef protocol of that agreement, African countries that produce beef have quotas to export beef duty-free to the European Union market.
But Coke noticed something -- they noticed that local people were taking the product, buying it in bulk and then reselling it in these hard-to-reach places.
For everyone else, variables like stressful events or happy occasions or even day of the week are more powerful predictors of mood than time of the month, and this is the information the scientific community has had since the 1990s.
The best way to know which to use for any given outbreak is to do what's best for all things illness-related: follow the advice of accredited medical professionals.
In the interview, she talks with her daughter Lesley about joining a gang as a young man, and later in life transitioning into the woman she was always meant to be.
Soprano: ♫ Upon my pillow ♫ ♫ Safe in bed ♫ EW: That's Georgie from England. She's only nine.
It's 16, 16, 16, 48, 4,800 -- 4,800, the answer to the sum.
And I founded the Digital Rights Foundation in 2012 to address all the issues and women's experiences in online spaces and cyberharassment.
One of the things we've learned from Darwin is that the human species is only one among millions of cousins, some close, some distant.
I do not have a gospel of faith to share with you today, in fact.
It was a real weird book about the 17th century.
Mom was losing her short-term memory, but was better recalling her younger years.
Sounds great, but you get one more choice to earn a little bit more money.
We had accidentally discovered the first resilience-enhancing drug.
They're solving problems, and most importantly, they're learning.
It was in places like this. This a school set up by some nuns in another slum called Nakuru.
It's really just been basic demographics.
And when I hear music that I don't like, I try to make it better.
There were tons of piles of broken old furniture and desks in the classrooms, and there were thousands of unused materials and resources.
Those include physical, emotional, or sexual abuse; physical or emotional neglect; parental mental illness, substance dependence, incarceration; parental separation or divorce; or domestic violence.
And I'm looking at the lamb and I say, "Albert, how long?
The day after, Iranians started to respond with their own posters.
But let's look more deeply, and as we do, what appears is the demons, the devils in the world.
It's also the structure and content of the speech itself.
Over the next 200 years we see the infant Christ go from a sitting to a standing position on the Virgin's lap, and then back again.
As I pounded the pavement, my mind started to wander, too.
The rule is: nobody criticizes anybody's ideas.
It just says "Money," and if you look down the side street, it says, "does not make me happy."
And it comes with the territory of my work.
Notice they're a vendor level four, they have a trust level of six.
I want to make the point that what we're giving girls, I think, through this effort, is a kind of validation, a sense of being seen.
And I did, and I learned to fly upside down and became an aerobatics flying instructor.
But each bag we'd sell would provide a year's worth of school meals for one kid.
If you looked at glucose molecules till you were blind, you wouldn’t see why they tasted sweet.
The essence of isirika is to make it clear to everybody that you're your sister's keeper -- and yes, you're your brother's keeper.
And then a voice rang out above us: "Amen."
Show of hands? That's most of you.
When they saw me, they said, "We want a faster processor and a better mouse."
You can see the six solar collectors at the center there.
I knew I had to do anything I could to earn some money to support the people I care about."
All right, let me show you some more about this.
So, the climate changes will be terrible for them.
Here we are out at the Oort Cloud, outside the solar system, and we're starting to see the sun move into the field of view and get into where the planet is.
We need, especially in technology, we need revolutionary change, not incremental change.
Over the course of two years, my faithful husband Dylan and I each spent over 300 hours underground, hiking, crawling and wriggling around 52 sites in France, Spain, Portugal and Sicily.
Everybody's looking away all of a sudden.
You, too, are fostering a prickle of sleepy hedgehogs between you and your certain special someone.
We can actually steer the specifics by embracing the larger trend.
So what is this? I hear you all ask. No, I don't.
OK. Now, what would the perfect experience look like on the five senses graph?
Or rather, we get educated out of it.
Oxytocin makes us feel what other people feel.
We end up in the situation -- we have that scripted life that everybody seems to be living going up this ladder to nowhere.
And he said, "Yeah -- It's just the way it is."
And I'd like to show you just a couple of examples of what others have done with it.
An explosion like this would create a fireball capable of decimating a few city blocks and a shockwave damaging buildings several kilometers away.
We're also looking at low-cost water-treatment systems.
It doesn't matter who the man was, all that matters was that sentence ringing in my head: "I will not touch the deck till the end."
And he worked on what were to become these nine health goals -- what were we aiming at?
My name is Ashley Graham, and I'm a model and body activist.
And it will profoundly affect the well-being, the quality of life of the billions of people who are going to inherit the results of our decisions.
And we'd rather read it during breakfast, because later we listen to radio in a car, check your mail at work and in the evening you watch TV.
So how can we change this dynamic?
So she called, and she began, "Hey, you are a man.
So it turns out that propulsion isn't really the problem.
And for the last decade, I've been asking myself why that is.
After referring to the black Africans as "beasts who have no houses," he writes, "They are also people without heads, having their mouth and eyes in their breasts."
It made him famous, that's for sure.
It depends on a distinction that you draw between statics of the political system and the dynamics of the political system.
So all the people I used to know in Brooklyn, they said, "Well, why don't we have a place like that here?"
And what you can see here is the beginning of an industry in a test tube, a mining industry that is in harmony with nature.
We know now that they're capable of imitating behaviors that they see.
Now, how might that be? Let me give you an example.
We had malaria in those countries for hundreds of years, and we got rid of it completely, not because we attacked malaria. We didn't.
"Sweet as honey," "strong as a tree."
Reading textbooks is stressful, but reading does not matter when you feel your story is already written, either dead or getting booked.
I couldn't see all the blinking different lights, and I can't distinguish color.
And he was very, very sorry.
I would love a Chagall. I love the work of Chagall.
It's not as complex as it looks. That's not the issue.
It's a bit funny, because I did write that humans will become digital, but I didn't think it will happen so fast and that it will happen to me.
This is the story of how Harriet came to pay attention.
For instance, did you know that taking your temperature can tell you a lot about the condition of your thyroid?
So we actually tried to commission some crash tests.
All of that is necessary, but we still have huge amounts of problems to overcome.
Can you even imagine what the world would be like today if we acknowledged all human beings in this way?
And this particular technique is one that's been borrowed from the semiconductor industry, and therefore is low cost and can be rolled out in large numbers.
So I want to start my talk today with the answer that I was not able to give on that day.
Reading about Matthieu was one of the pivotal moments of my life.
Socrates, a man wise enough to know that he knows nothing.
During the war between Israel, a state, and Hezbollah, a non-state actor, the non-state actor flew four different drones against Israel.
People who get really good at operating these systems will even do things like make up new games, like robot soccer in the middle of the night, pushing the trash cans around.
Now, remember that we learn a great deal by sharing experiences.
However, based on the size of the bone that they found, it meant that this camel was 30 percent larger than modern-day camels.
I don't know why they want to think that men and women are alike.
This is the view of the night sky that you would see, and it's a beautiful view, with the Milky Way just peeking out over the horizon.
At one point they even divorced, then remarried a year later.
But the deep subsurface is like a circulatory system that's completely disconnected from the Sun.
The bubbles burst, and the market crashed.
These are the tuna, the billfish and the sharks.
When you're tired and you lack sleep, you have poor memory, you have poor creativity, you have increased impulsiveness, and you have overall poor judgment.
This is not true, but we believe it.
But she can give instructions to Hedge.
So this is where we are.
It's twice as tough as our high-tech ceramics.
They can try it again and try it again, and this really becomes much more engaging.
Will engineering ourselves make us less human?
Not for God, not for country, not for profit -- just as a basic metric for global decision-making.
David Pearce has suggested that genetic engineering and other contemporary processes cannot only alter the way humans experience emotional and physical pain, but that world ecosystems ought to be redesigned so that animals don't suffer in the wild.
Wow, imagine that. I cared about my community.
We don't have to be subjected as second, but they have to know that women, as we are in this room, we are not just women, we are not just girls, we are extraordinary.
It contributes about 600,000 dollars in wages to the economy of Tanzania.
It's certainly true that one's priorities receive somewhat of a realignment immediately afterwards.
We were not going to leave until the peace accord was signed."
And I feel so bad for men because they don't have that.
But it certainly inspired an energetic reaction from many university professors.
So if it's going to come and it's going to happen, what's holding it up?
And life as a disabled person is actually somewhat difficult.
This is the straight truth, the righteous truth.
I want you all to select one of the houses of the 25 houses you see on the screen.
Look, tens of thousands of people died from antibiotic-resistant superbugs in North America just last year.
Give people something with the sound, don't just bombard them with stuff.
That's the only space she could express her creativity.
Cristina had worked for four years with my sister and the quality of her work was well-established.
When the baby popped up, it was filled with blue-green tissues.
Or do they just assume the ocean is just a dark, gloomy place that has nothing to offer?
Even though adjusting to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan -- I started studying for the university entrance exam.
We kept looking at these two numbers, obsessing with them and pretending that our world could be reduced to a couple digits and a horse race, while the real stories, the ones that really mattered, were somewhere else.
I send them the same two questions every single time.
Most houses in Asia and India have a cotton garment.
That leads to several common side effects of chemotherapy, including hair loss, fatigue, infertility, nausea, and vomiting.
Some neural fibers have as many as 100 layers of myelin.
I sat alone in my thoughts, worried about my colleagues and students.
I just love bringing technology together, having a lot of fun, being creative.
Within just five years, we had multiplied that 554 times, into 194 million dollars after all expenses, for breast cancer research.
And these seemed a little bit more memorable, and maybe people would like those a little bit better.
So it's not just academic researchers in universities that are interested in this organism.
And this is not the audience to which I'm going to preach to what extent the Internet empowered people.
And we could do something as arbitrary as, say, extract the story of Rony, involving the concepts of blood and whales and tools, taking place on the Arctic Ocean, at Ahkivgaq camp, with the heartbeat level of fast.
So I was thinking, "What I really want to do is change the world.
So how would you shift from linear to circular?
Increasing numbers of businesses are signing up to these, but actually in a survey, many business leaders said they thought their business had nothing to do with children.
They're also able to reason at high levels.
And those bumps act like a magnet for water.
After the Algerian war, at the heart of the international resistance movements, his name circulated and the whole world came knocking at his door.
Humans are designed to procreate, but without the ecstasy of passionate love, sex is unsatisfying.
He'd be asking us to redesign our national accounting system to be based upon such important things as social justice, sustainability and people's well-being.
What this tells us, ethical issues aside, is that ...
It's said to be the most successful ever invention of a word by a known individual.
Why is he being led by the hand by some young boy, presumably, to the point of combat?
So think about that moment back in 1902 again where a ferocious bear became a teddy bear.
It's worth taking a moment to understand this practice, because I believe it speaks to recklessness and the path we're on like little else.
I don't want to spoil it, if you still have this sitting on your DVR, but Watson won handily.
We've heard extraordinary activities of civil society groups who are engaging in local and global collective action, and this is leading to digital protest and real revolution.
I hope that in the coming years, more film and television programs come out of Hollywood, presenting us in a positive light.
For example, some of us tend to think that it's very difficult to transform failing government systems.
J: Yeah. I'm saving it for later.
If you can, that's empathy. That's empathy.
The acid rain was falling on the forests.
We've got some videos. You can make them yourselves.
And so, you decide to go with your first impression.
But, as you can all imagine, it was very easy to counteract, because what was the guerrilla going to say?
She was with me on my lifeboat.
Maybe we're farther from the center than we ever realized.
Such programs won't work for everyone, but for many, it could be a way to break the frozen sea within.
We've repurposed 26 acres of active car lanes and turned them into new pedestrian space.
But I can also see myself more clearly, and I can see that what I want is sometimes more than can reasonably be asked for.
And we should, now, be able to fly in here and have a closer look.
But on the other hand, Shakespeare has Juliet say, "What's in a name?
He arranged for us to meet other couples in their makeshift photo studio.
Every school was a big top circus tent, and the pecking order went from acrobats to lion tamers, from clowns to carnies, all of these miles ahead of who we were.
I said, "But Dan, they must have wondered why there was no bouncy castle."
Now, I put my fears on the back.
Before I could say anything, tell him how foolish he had made me look in front of my friends, he derided me for being so naive.
We have to migrate from all this complexity towards general principles and goals.
This takes way too much time, and it only pisses them off.
The problem was: What should I put in the formula?
Now let's look at a basic fact of our digital lives, online ads.
Not much has changed in those 50 years.
And when you get there, more than likely, you will not have any of those top five regrets, because you will have built up the strength and resilience to lead a life truer to your dreams.
Over 20 countries from Africa and Asia have committed to make education their priority and to transform their education systems to deliver results.
Thank you very much, thanks for the warm welcome.
At that time, when I finished my high school, I really wanted to be a doctor.
He pried mankind off the chain and claimed that humans have a unique ability to take any position they want.
How is their ignorance any less obvious on the subject of human well-being?
So we used the branch as a mold for our first invention.
I hope next time you see it, you won't even be able to see the map.
And if we care about their future, we, as the elite around the world, we can do something about it. We can make choices as to how we live each day.
The authors looked at papers written over a 10-year period, and hundreds had to be thrown out.
There were other moments like that, very few moments of silence.
And it was such a good trompe l'oeil that people got irritated when they tried to talk to the woman and she wouldn't respond.
But what else could I offer her?
This trend has been steady for a quarter of a millennium, across cultures and across geographies, with the glaring exception of sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia.
It's probably not good for the fire hydrants.
Maybe this was the right chemo regimen for her, but maybe it wasn't.
It doesn't have nutrients, it doesn't have protein, and scientists are engineering all of that into it right now.
She did not say, "I'm not a congressman or the president of the United States, so how could I possibly participate in the fight to abolish a system as big as slavery?"
And it was the kind of caustic pain that you get when you bite into ice cream.
So I would use ink, and I would trace out what I saw on the floor.
Today, a laser is used to penetrate the epidermis and blast apart underlying pigment colors of various wavelengths, black being the easiest to target.
And then if we're motivated to act on sympathy, I call that compassion.
You need to use scarce resources.
He gave each of them some mescaline, and had them listen to some nice, relaxing music for a while.
Although the pinhole eye allows for simple images, the key step towards the eye as we know it is a lens.
And I built an app out of it, a game out of it, in which children can play with words and with a reinforcement, a sound reinforcement of visual structures, they're able to learn language.
So I'd like to -- I wanted to reintroduce some structure into that picture.
We did Earth, we did Mars, we did twice Earth again, and we also flew by two asteroids, Lutetia and Steins.
But he knew it wouldn’t work, he’d never get the girl.
Rodent and canine brains consume 5% of total body energy.
Bring to mind right now for yourself your favorite musician today and your favorite musician 10 years ago.
Those characterize the computational properties of this network.
This means now a judge can sentence a defendant to punishment with assistance.
This can do 5,000 people a year, which is 10 percent of their population, and it's people on people.
Then a process of dehumanization started that day.
Not out of malice or greed, just trying to make sure that you get something to work for you so you can move on.
So ladies and gentlemen, I would like to take you on a journey throughout the continents and throughout sound itself.
They're the ones who know what society is going to be like in another generation.
For the volunteers, it provides an opportunity to engage with people, to sit down and hear their stories.
You are inducers of hope, embracers of strangers, eradicators of hopelessness, you are physicians, and peacemakers.
So I like to at least pretend it just flows out.
But I think last year when governments did step in, people were quite glad that they were there, that they did act.
There are hundreds of lights in an aircraft cabin, and each of these lights could be a potential transmitter of wireless data.
For example, the brain's amygdala is involved in thinking, long-term memory, and emotional processing.
So Kaluza said, well, maybe there are more dimensions of space.
From the point of view of the experiencing self, if you have a vacation, and the second week is just as good as the first, then the two-week vacation is twice as good as the one-week vacation.
Philanthropy is the market for love.
I wasn't weighed down by expertise or conventional wisdom.
And since we had established some trust, we believed in each other's sincerity.
Let me show you one more.
So whatever you find in the cave, even a small cricket, has evolved in the dark in complete isolation.
I am the life-force power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form, at one with all that is.
In about the length of this session, you would have counted all 5,000.
The group of counterterrorism officials had five minutes with that painting, and in that short amount of time, they had to assess the situation, analyze the details, articulate what, if anything, they would do if they were in that painting.
This judge is someone you'd never want to play poker with.
Generally we're talking about meat, shelter, status, protection, things like that.
This is a six-story bespoke home on the island of Bali.
They give the cause of this accelerated expansion a name, and they call it dark energy.
His face, by the way, is fully AI-driven.
And I said, "Yeah. You know, I'm not really up on my frog reproduction that much.
This is a 15 year-old boy.
In some ways, it's a small difference from the common-sense understanding.
But this technology could not find tumors when they're small, and finding a small tumor is critical for survival.
Now, without that, how could we possibly function? She gives you the names of previous lives, who you were in previous lives.
The angels prostrate, not before the human body, but before the human soul.
If it had gotten into a lot more urban areas, the case numbers would have been much larger.
This is more than just infrastructure.
But instead of just going home and calling it quits, I took a step back and asked myself, what went wrong here?
And look -- I am the first to admit that I am not a statistician, and that the data I presented to you that I just accumulated in my in-box is more anecdotal than scientific, more qualitative than quantitative.
So you have radio waves and microwaves and X-rays and gamma rays passing through your body right now and you're completely unaware of it, because you don't come with the proper biological receptors for picking it up.
And to think that the tumor was in the same bone, in the same place in my body as the accident 38 years earlier -- it seemed like too much of a coincidence.
And Slow TV was now a buzzword, and we started looking for other things we could make Slow TV about.
The next piece that is going to come up is an example of a kind of machine that is fairly complex.
As fast as we can reset our computers, the brain activity shifts to start representing this new tool, as if this too was a part of that primate's body.
Let's talk for a minute -- Thank you.
You know my example of the Eurostar: six million pounds spent to reduce the journey time between Paris and London by about 40 minutes.
And at the time I went into the wind business, natural gas was nine dollars.
There are these birds that are called starlings, and they fly in what's called a "murmuration," which is generally just a big cloud of birds.
Celebrate your own style. Don't draw the way you're being told to draw.
But the project centers on the collision of order and disorder -- the order of blood butting up against the disorder represented in the often chaotic and violent stories that are the subjects of my chapters.
And rather than go into statistics and trends, and tell you about all the orchestras that are closing, and the record companies that are folding, I thought we should do an experiment tonight.
And I began to think, I began to see why that approach doesn't work, and I began to think that's almost like the importing of the logic of the Drug War into our private lives.
It's one sided. It's a bottle whose inside is its outside.
A man named Peano did define such curves, and it became an object of extraordinary interest.
One month after Mubarak stepped down, this was his reward.
Buildings are making people sicker, he said, and for the poorest in the world, this is causing epidemic-level problems.
When I walk through the doors of this company, I will finally come out.
What they did, though, is each in their own way, created a different way of navigating your way through technology.
Frank Capra's classic values independence and propriety.
Where are they? Where are those ripples?
What do you do to to cover your face?
So the question is, is there any hope for adoption of something like this, which would presumably save a lot of lives?
There are camps for LGBTQ people or autistic people to try and make them this "normal," and that's terrifying that people would do that in this day and age.
Extraordinarily damaging, if you're talking about using the talents of the population.
We can see the big picture.
And she said, "I'm very sorry to tell you this, but my head teacher pulled me out of class today and told me I'm not allowed to take pictures in the lunch room anymore.
And I had every intention of taking this tribe from being outliers in the Middle East and pushing them over the tipping point towards success.
The tricky part is that those signals, those changes that we're after, are extremely subtle, so we have to be very careful when you try to separate them from noise that always exists in videos.
Now, I don't have all of the answers.
And for those of you who aren't old enough, you have no idea how this infection was working -- namely, through these floppy disks.
I think that while I hated being depressed and would hate to be depressed again, I've found a way to love my depression.
You just can't consider this insignificant.
And since he was elected, an estimated 20,000 people have been killed.
There's two basic parts of personality: there's your culture -- everything you grew up to do and believe and say -- and there's your temperament.
We will give one device for free to make sure that every child is treated.
So let's start with the first one, this immunogenicity idea.
And he invented the shipping container.
And yet, roundly defeated in the end by the war in Vietnam.
They also need these carbonate ions in seawater to make their coral structure in order to build coral reefs.
And the difference lies in the types of compounds involved.
And I found myself in front of an HR manager in 1999, saying something I never imagined that I would say.
In plate tectonic theory, we knew that if you had plates collide, it made sense: they would crush into one another, you would thicken the crust, you'd uplift it.
I opened it up to find a small stuffed animal.
Second, I call this "the mixer."
Today in our factories, only 8 percent of the tasks are automated.
Could it be that, at the point in time when you need to know something, you can find out in two minutes?
She wants her kid to be healthy, so she can go to the market and doesn't have to stay home.
And the whole room, including me, was like, "Yeah."
They should make you feel more confident, not less.
And my hand gripped firmer, so I wouldn't be the one left in the field.
This leaves room 1 open for the new customer.
If all of your electricity in your lifetime came from nuclear, the waste from that lifetime of electricity would go in a Coke can -- a pretty heavy Coke can, about two pounds.
We're but messengers, but we have 100 percent confidence and faith in the American public to get it right.
I'm excited about the opportunity to give all our teachers the support they want and deserve.
So we're down there -- this is at 400 feet.
But what you get out of such an exercise is simply a list of genes.
Potatoes have 48 chromosomes, two more than people, and the same as a gorilla.
If the weak force had been a little bit different, then carbon and oxygen wouldn't be stable inside the hearts of stars, and there would be none of that in the universe.
And even though there is food that we are producing at great cost, we don't actually value it.
The private sector does a lot.
So as far as I can tell, a rose by any other name probably does look different and maybe even smells different.
It's actually more romantic than I normally manage.
We can also use cells alone.
They learn from it and they correct it.
There's a lot of new imaging techniques being proposed, some even by me, but given the recent success of MRI, first we need to ask the question, is it the end of the road with this technology?
Because we all think we get it in a first glance and a sudden flash, but the real skill is in understanding how to look slowly and how to look more carefully.
So, jobs, basic services, finally, clean government.
But he doesn't just criticize the mosque.
So picture me on my first year in the city, cycling the wrong way down a one-way street, late.
But then it's connected through Internet too -- the new Internet highway that makes Internet one look like a dirt road on the information highway -- with 10 gigabits of bandwidth.
The warning signs are all there.
So school is a game, and there has been lots of experimentation on how we do this properly.
And I intend to work on this till my dying day.
"Professor Hawkins has promulgated an official dogma binding on all loyal Hawkinsians that an asteroid killed the dinosaurs."
It was a great idea, and pretty much a complete failure.
This land in Mexico was in terrible condition, and I've had to mark the hill because the change is so profound.
And recession, of course, isn't exactly a recipe for hope either, as we're busy finding out.
So I think 'Oumuamua probably has many more things to teach us, and in fact there might be more surprises in store as scientists such as myself continue to work with the data.
[Individual results may vary] The thinner I was, the longer I was able to hold my breath.
We tell our stories, and a person without a story does not exist.
But running across it are three red lines -- these are topics you are not supposed to challenge in word or deed.
Standing in their bedroom, pretty hard to tell which one is China and which one is the US, right?
This is "Bleak House" by Dickens.
Actually, you're looking at a guy who has the best job in the world.
And ideas achieving critical mass is what political activism in popular government is all about.
So we went to the moon, played golf up there, before we went to the largest feature on our own planet.
We think, Ken and I, that there are real sources of hope.
That scarcity led to a crisis in January of this year at the University of Johannesburg.
A few freeze-dried meals, but mostly I try and eat much more unprocessed foods.
Also, talk to your children about the health effects of noise and that listening to loud music today will have consequences when they're older.
So there is this amazing concept called the one-teacher school, which is basically a single teacher who is a multitasker who teaches this amazing little social setting.
Now molecules are really, really tiny.
We like to think our breakthrough ideas, you know, are like that $40,000, brand-new incubator, state-of-the-art technology.
And I'd snuck in -- because it's totally illegal to have a picture of the Dalai Lama in Tibet -- it's the quickest way you can get arrested.
Do you need to find entrepreneurs, or venture capitalists, or what do you need to take what you've got and get it to scale?
I can tell you, I did not look like the ideal candidate to get a pilot's license.
I'm guessing this room is different, but that's the average that Deloitte has done with their studies.
Could you imagine how I felt in that moment?
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon has warned that "preventing extremism and promoting human rights go hand-in-hand."
To give you an idea, the average Mars mission takes hundreds of scientists for years to meet about where shall we go?
In practice, getting rid of crony capitalism is incredibly difficult.
We really like the human being story a lot.
So we know that the principles and the rules, if we can figure them out in these sort of primitive organisms, the hope is that they will be applied to other human diseases and human behaviors as well.
I'm Robbie Mizzone. I'm 13, and I play the fiddle.
On the one hand, if they whistle-blew, they would have gotten fired.
So we have, in skin pigmentation, one of these wonderful products of evolution that still has consequences for us today.
And if you can bring another device close enough to the source, that will only work at exactly that frequency, you can actually get them to do what's called strongly couple, and transfer magnetic energy between them.
She spoke of when Mandela was taken to court by the South African Rugby Union after he commissioned an inquiry into sports affairs.
So, they moved the entire village, hut by hut.
It's symbolically important to me, and that metaphor is so meaningful, so purposeful to me, and I'm not going to try to persuade you of it," now you've moved it from outer truth to inner truth, from science to art.
And that's a key component of beauty.
And as soon as they saw me they said, "We need a faster processor and a better mouse."
There are 1.4 billion different ways that a family can find itself.
What if games could reduce testing time in the classroom?
If you were black, it was a summer of hate.
My biggest investment in life -- is the education of my sisters.
Well in case you've ever wondered, this is what the Sun sounds like.
I do so through many ways.
What we do is, as we grow and we approach the collapse, a major innovation takes place and we start over again, and we start over again as we approach the next one, and so on.
But what drives their behaviors is really different than what drives our own, and that difference can be really illuminating.
This is also connected to the extinction crisis.
We're more than 50 years into Licklider's vision for the future, and the data suggests that we should be quite excited about tackling this century's hardest problems, man and machine in cooperation together.
Those people in relationships that bought over teens online, we can do that with peer-to-peer security.
It's a metaphor of economics, of a balance sheet, of accounting, of transactions.
I'd be interested to know why she's using hair extensions as wings, or whatever those things are meant to be.
In the midst of hardship, it was the music that gave me -- that restored my soul.
These days, scientists know a lot more about genetics and heredity.
And as a result, the patent troll can claim that they won the case.
These are mosquitos who carry the malarial parasite which infests our blood when the mosy has had a free meal at our expense.
It's quite remarkable. Think about it.
He's like the Elon Musk of coffee lids.
Now astrology -- we remove the banal idea that your life could be predicted; that you'll, perhaps today, meet a lucky man who's wearing a hat.
The bronchi branch, branch, branch and they stop branching, not because of any matter of principle, but because of physical considerations: the mucus, which is in the lung.
We announced the class on July 29th, and within two weeks, 50,000 people had signed up for it.
Every night I fall asleep very well, and I am, I repeat, the happiest man in the world, and I'm thankful I am alive.
What this means is our economy is unsustainable.
She saw some similarities in one of the photographs, but couldn't quite make a positive identification.
There will come a time, of course, when the exponential growth of discovery and knowledge, which actually began in the 1600s, has to peak and level off, but that's not going to matter to you.
But in other cases, it can actually be useful to foster this emotional connection to robots.
So we started asking, "Why can't that same human endeavor cure paralysis in our lifetime?"
In 2008, I picked up a scientific study looking at how many years we have of valuable materials to extract from the ground: copper, 61; tin, zinc, 40; silver, 29.
But one point it makes is that whenever you're choosing one thing, you're choosing not to do other things, and those other things may have lots of attractive features, and it's going to make what you're doing less attractive.
And when I was older, I would use guitar lessons and theater plays.
Thank you very much, so -- -- so usually, I am creating a design that is in some way based on the text, but this is all the text there is.
And when they see him physically, it is at public functions like this, and even there, it is him who advises them.
I felt like nobody cared, and I reacted with hostility to my confinement.
In 1898, Norman Triplett did this study with a bunch of cyclists, and he would measure their times around the track in a group, and also individually.
Our goal over the next year is to get Water Canary ready for the field and to open-source the hardware so that anyone can contribute to the development and the evaluation, so we can tackle this problem together.
I fell. They ran to join the others ... leaving me for dead.
They knew that there was a long-term objective down the line, of building market dominance.
Given the scale that Twitter is at, a one-in-a-million chance happens 500 times a day.
So in the end, I think what we are aiming for is not very difficult to discern.
It's called bot or not, and you can go and play it for yourselves.
Along with his great ideas, Plato had a few that haven't exactly stood the test of time.
Europe was also rocked by anti-austerity protests, but the continent didn't shift its direction.
He then approached her from behind, pressed the barrel of his gun against her head, and with a single bullet, lacerated her midbrain.
Plus I have to pay for the middle office.
In order to minimize the weight, it's very thin, it's as thin as a sandwich wrapper.
Well, first, you need energy, but not too much.
I was a mother to two young, typically inquisitive children.
During Taliban years, I remember there were times I would get so frustrated by our life and always being scared and not seeing a future.
And he was right that day many years ago when he called me a feminist.
These adventures cost the crew both in men and morale– and some feared they might be losing their minds.
But they won't come to us directly through light.
Start as usual -- go the other way around the loop.
Now 1962 -- can you see they're getting a little richer, but the number of babies per woman is falling?
There is basically just one way in which a beehive can function.
They cannot wait. The others, of course, wait.
At the same time, we actually had a visitor -- a minister from Azerbaijan came to our office.
They're already the largest trading nation, already the largest exporting nation, already the largest manufacturing nation, and they're also the biggest emitters of carbon in the world.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude in performance scale.
We can see a whole area desolated, and it can be brought back to bloom again, with time or a little help.
I have to take a moment.
And not because men are fundamentally less moral, but because this is a very big blind spot for most men.
When I look forward to the next decade, I know two things for sure: that we can make any future we can imagine, and we can play any games we want, so I say: Let the world-changing games begin.
There's only one exception to this universal law, and that is the human spirit, which can continue to evolve upwards, the staircase, bringing us into wholeness, authenticity, and wisdom.
It's powerful for two reasons: you recognize it fast, and you associate it very powerfully.
How might they use this data to align their environmental and economic interests?
So here's a typical crappy British house.
Have you ever hoped that there was some ability you hadn't discovered yet that you were just naturally great at?
What if the existing manufacturing and large technological innovation came together to create the next big manufacturing reinvention.
We all split up into many groups as we argued over what to do next.
When I set out to make the film, I expected it would be a simple story of perpetrators and victims.
It used to be the gang was a rite of passage; that the young people controlled the gang; that as you got older, you dropped out of the gang.
This is data, statistics. What does it tell us about these conflicts?
But some locations draw you back time and time again.
Superstring theory -- what is it?
That word might be slangy, that word might be informal, that word might be a word that you think is illogical or unnecessary, but that word that we're using, that word is real.
So took a running leap and jumped over the edge of a cliff.
Maybe too far. But you know -- I don't think that a person of color making fun of white people is the same thing as a white person making fun of people of color.
He would also supply me with tools.
And by making a mental space where I could try out outrageous ideas and then bring them back into the real world to test them, I could learn.
They coded correlations in the thickness of gray matter in different parts of the brain using a false color scheme, in which no difference is coded as purple, and any color other than purple indicates a statistically significant correlation.
But if you're recomposed, if you actually become the soil, you can nourish the tree, and become the post-mortem contributor you've always wanted to be -- that you deserve to be.
CA: So that succeeded despite all predictions at the time.
Now, these roles don't represent the kind of man I am in my real life, but that's what I love about acting.
OK. So here we see an action potential encoding information to move. Alright?
The way we're going to do this is fly him in and drop him off.
"It was my friends and my colleagues who kept me going."
Now just to give you some perspective, I'm going to zoom out so you really see what you get.
So this is what we call anonymity.
Well in an objective way, the origami now was uglier, it was more difficult.
Gyo means fish and taku means impression.
Sitting is so incredibly prevalent, we don't even question how much we're doing it, and because everyone else is doing it, it doesn't even occur to us that it's not okay.
So have a nice Christmas, and bye-bye, Randolph. Goodbye.
And of course, there's nothing special about Cromwell or bladders -- you have just breathed in a nitrogen atom that passed through the right lung of the third iguanodon to the left of the tall cycad tree.
Whet Moser: There's probably at least one store on every block near where I work that sells some sort of Chicago flag paraphernalia.
A city that houses seven million people.
And in 1900, people could do simple analogies.
Why have our breast cancer charities not come close to finding a cure for breast cancer, or our homeless charities not come close to ending homelessness in any major city?
"Make a sudden, destructive, unpredictable action. Incorporate."
And I will now, here, onstage, try to predict when that will happen -- that Asia will regain its dominant position as the leading part of the world, as it used to be, over thousands of years.
She knew that she had only one thing to do at that point, and that was to, in her words, "run like hell."
And I'd like to describe some of the results that we have found.
And they support -- they support grassroots women's organizations -- community organizations under the leadership of girls and women, and together we have been able, collectively, to give a billion dollars to women and girls-led organizations.
What we all know in dynamic capitalism is that what we actually need are public-private partnerships.
Now what's happened in the Gulf of Mexico -- as you can see, this is the Minerals Management diagram of wells for gas and oil.
And up above, you've got a series of pedestrian walkways.
Why talk about social-economic movements that may be more than a century away?
We recognize patterns to distinguish noise from signal, and especially our name.
But scuba diving, submersibles and all the work that we're setting about to do here will help rectify that.
And indeed, we can experience the sky in a planetarium in a way that is impossible for us to do just sitting out and looking in the dark.
A more modern example comes from people who try to convince us that homosexuality is immoral.
And I think that's a good question.
His voice carries a lot of weight within the community because he knows what he's doing.
The problem with bombs and pickle barrels is not getting the bomb inside the pickle barrel, it's knowing how to find the pickle barrel.
So we're talking about at least a year until there's vaccine available that can be used in many populations.
So you -- it was fun to get away from high school -- -- because I was very small, and I was no good in sports, or anything like that.
We can communicate with foresight about the aspects of technology that could be more beneficial or could be more problematic over time.
It means that a public space in the ancient city of Seville can be unique and tailored to the way that a modern city works.
She and her patients experienced something that goes by a number of names-- imposter phenomenon, imposter experience, and imposter syndrome.
In the same span of time, computers' ability to recognize people in photos improved by three orders of magnitude.
It's a form, if you like, of ecological altruism -- perhaps something along those lines. Maybe it's that.
We need quality, cost, reliability, speed.
Because you have one and you don't have one, I'll give you a tenth of a second head start.
And we dropped down, and we noticed one important thing -- that as we get down to 1,000 meters, it drops off.
So that's what I've been doing the last couple of years.
This is true. I believe this.
The AG called to ask if the company that I worked for could help sponsor billboards that would be put up around the city as part of an anti-human trafficking campaign.
There were several -- several of these items were disappointments.
So I want to ask a question: What should culture in the 21st century look like?
The other thing to consider is the structure itself.
For the fact that they can distance themselves from the question of politics.
And you know, you can talk to your friends in a noisy bar.
That information then needs to be connected to choices, needs to be connected to a range of options, directions that we might go to -- trade-offs, benefits.
Then there's a group that believes the Koran is a living, breathing document, and I captured that idea within these stones that self-update.
Now, most people outside of Africa don't know much about the war in Congo, so let me give you a couple of key facts.
That kind of mobile perception is really important for robots that are going to move and act out in the world.
The message, then, for me, about unintended consequences is chaos happens; let's make better use of it.
First, it contributes to the medicalization of women's reproductive health.
It is moving around, exploring its environment, and remodeling its environment, as you see, by these chemical waves that are forming by the protocell.
They're training their little kids to be soldiers for Jesus.
I thought I knew what fear was.
I was almost put on a special needs track as a child.
And this is one aspect that truly fascinates me.
And so he turned to an easier problem.
Okay, so what we've got so far is, what are beetles doing? They're rolling balls.
So it's not just about the number of people; the system itself creates a disincentive to conserve because you can lose your water right if you don't use it.
It was too late for me, but maybe I could help someone else, someone who could use the information.
I study blazars, supermassive, hyperactive black holes that sit at the centers of massive galaxies and shoot out jets nearby those black holes at speeds approaching the speed of light in a process we are still trying to completely understand.
Today, our signal detection algorithms can find very simple artifacts and noise.
And they're in fifteen countries. They're spread around the world.
Again, the winning algorithms were able to match the diagnoses given by human ophthalmologists.
And I want to argue that we are living through and are right at the key moment of a change in the way ideas are created and spread and implemented.
So in 1900, as you can see, we were well within the limits of safety.
It matters for now. It matters as soon as possible.
And of course, we can never have the death penalty in Germany."
And so this would be the typical talk I would give.
I'm really concerned that a lot of the schools have taken out the hands-on classes, because art, and classes like that -- those are the classes where I excelled.
That's our motto: "Whenever you are, we're already then."
There is a recent study by Saez and Zucman showing, with new data which I didn't have at the time of the book, that wealth concentration in the U.S. has risen even more than what I report.
Choking is common in sports, where performance often occurs under intense pressure and depends on key moments.
I watched them for about an hour, and after that I was smiling.
You're in and out of traffic all day, and it's zooming around you.
What do I take from this? Why tell this story?
And because of my experience, my granddaughters, they're now more equipped to stand on their own and to think for themselves than to rely on cultural beliefs.
It has sensors that, when it moves, make sort of drawings in the air.
. So they've got a little bit of a sibling rivalry thing going on here.
They have a device there, it's called the "light stage."
They've been around just as long and gone through just the same kind of trial and error to get here.
And a third option is nuclear power.
This really shows you, we have not seen good economic and health progress anywhere in the world without destroying the climate.
And we discovered that we didn't have to invent it, it already existed in the form of a comic book.
Their small house in Aracataca where the author spent his childhood formed the main inspiration for Macondo.
Because these technologies are moving really quickly.
And the High Line, even though it is widely known now and phenomenally popular, it is the most contested public space in the city.
So here I am in my car, and I'm wondering: How is my life ever going to be the same?
When we feel safe inside the organization, we will naturally combine our talents and our strengths and work tirelessly to face the dangers outside and seize the opportunities.
It was a very loving relationship.
If you understand Orgel's Second Rule, then you understand why the Intelligent Design movement is basically a hoax.
So when they saw that we had none of that, they decided to talk to us.
The only external commands are high-level ones such as "take off" and "land."
He said, "You're in an elevator running late for a meeting.
So let's talk about why they got turned off when they were between the ages of three and 13.
I can't quite explain it, and he can't either.
After many years of bending gears with a pair of pliers, I made that tool, and then I made this other tool for sort of centering gears very quickly -- sort of developing my own little world of technology.
Throughout it all, the dollar has been one of the most long-standing, stable, reasonable currencies, and we all use it every single day, no matter what the people screaming about tell us, no matter how scared we're supposed to be.
Or we're, "Oh, yeah, this party, let me take a picture."
So first we will use philanthropy dollars to go into a state to pilot the program and get data.
So, that was the result. It was Mike, the first thermonuclear bomb, in 1952.
But what he said was really significant, is that design was going to be why the kids were going to love this product, how we were going to make it low cost, robust.
And, obviously, doctors are the good guys in all these scenarios, because they are very professional and dedicated to curing you.
Some people would say, it's knowledge, but for me we don't seem to learn very much in our human evolution.
Yves uses his body to steer the wing.
MTT: This, of course, was the birth of opera, and its development put music on a radical new course.
And he says, "I want my cheese sandwich."
What if I could stick this molecule, slap it onto a bacteria that was pathogenic to me, that had just invaded my lungs?
I share the goals of the speakers you heard before.
Because this historical language was never written down, we can only reconstruct it by comparing its descendants, which is possible thanks to the consistency of the changes.
Galaxies, 100 billion of them estimated in the universe.
So here's a Nankani village in Mali.
It's a sentiment that's pretty common among female engineers that I work with and that I know.
This is a curve of the gain in fusion over the last 30 years or so, and you can see that we're making now about 10,000 times more fusion than we used to when we started.
So, like my mother would say, make a long story short, I just simply said to Johnny, "Yes."
But it's an inherent part of our energy policy, which is we don't talk about reducing the amount of oil that we use.
But if you're feeling a little bit uncomfortable with this answer, that's OK.
We will always be one animal wondering about the emotional experience of another animal.
And although I couldn't even feel my finger to push the trigger, I knew I wasn't getting out.
And as the pages turned, something else started to happen, too.
And then Michelangelo threw a curveball.
And they did -- but then they died.
With matter, as with people, we see only the skin of things.
Three hundred and fifty thousand children and me.
It's a little bit like, we wouldn't be having a conference on radical openness if we already thought we were totally open to all the kinds of influences that are being talked about at this conference.
Today’s problems demand we do better to create work that takes full advantage of AI’s amazing capabilities while enhancing our skills as we do it.
And to be fair, I was desperate for interest and help, and I began to tell him about my strange commentator.
OK. So what makes people not notice?
And then when he's finished with Ophelia, he turns on his mum, because basically she has the audacity to fall in love with his uncle and enjoy sex.
And I'll just say what I'm about to do. What I'm about to do -- I hope you can recognize that there's a distorted sine wave, almost a triangular wave upon this Hewlett-Packard oscilloscope.
Now it was not about Riverside school.
Congo hosts the largest and most expensive United Nations peacekeeping mission in the world.
I remember one story he told me about screws, and about how you need to have the right screw for the right job.
And soon I moved a bit further and started to look at the whole picture of our body and health.
Because it has to go high, and there is some space available, two or three rooms are made under the water tower, which are used by the village for different committee meetings.
Even at its best, dieting is a waste of time and energy.
We can continue to enjoy our food, and we continue to eat well, and we can eat even better.
And for me, this is -- I'm the short kid on the right.
I was here, planting my chunks, cutting up potatoes and planting it, and the bees were working on this tree; bumblebees, just making this thing vibrate.
The first was that I grew up with no religion at all.
Indeed, there is a lot of hype, but also hope that the promise of stem cells will one day provide cures for a whole range of conditions.
So this river got clogged and it jumped its banks.
People are ready and respond to the story of food.
And then animators can take the data of the motion of those markers and apply them to a computer-generated character.
And it's about leading in a world that really does seem to be operating on the basis of fear.
So, I want to see the stars that are as close to the center of the galaxy as possible.
This time, there's new treatments on the horizon.
I heard you were looking for me."
And I thought, this is terrible. All I'm doing is collecting case numbers.
And I said, "How does that work?"
Maybe you guys can help me to reclaim this word, "chemical," because it has been stolen from us.
So, were there other radioactive elements that might be responsible?
There are thousands of professionally delimited subjects sprinkled through physics and chemistry to biology and medicine.
And it appears that as stress increases, the children develop more autism, they develop more metabolic diseases and they develop more autoimmune diseases.
But I grew up in Canada, far from my Arab roots.
We've known for 130 years that in severe mental illness, there is always, always sleep disruption, but it's been largely ignored.
Okay? My dear friend Majora Carter once told me, we have everything to gain and nothing to lose.
The fish that represent a huge part of that 20 to 30 million metric tons.
We will be able to see the velocity of the car in front of us, to see how fast that guy's going or stopping.
And when I would feel sorry for myself as nine or 10 year-old girls do, she would say to me, "My dear, on a scale of major world tragedies, yours is not a three."
She taught me so many lessons, but the most important lesson was that every single day she told me, "Mellody, you can be anything."
But if the startup organization is so great, why do so many fail?
In the last four years, we've seen all kinds of memes, all kinds of trends get born right on our front page.
It's often said that you can tell a lot about a person by looking at what's on their bookshelves.
Carol Coletta says, "I would pay someone to do what I do."
Unfortunately, our beasts are inefficient animals, and they turn two-thirds of that into feces and heat, so we've lost those two, and we've only kept this one in meat and dairy products.
A great piece of comedy is a verbal magic trick, where you think it's going over here and then all of a sudden you're transported over here.
As soon as a red or blue triangle is created with a nodule at each point, it opens a doorway through time that will take you back to the present.
We can have what I call this duality of presence, and I think that's what allows me to tap into these feelings of empathy.
It's what researchers call "the immigrant paradox," and it further illustrates that there's something in the US environment that is making us sick.
Trillions of dollars a year are being brought into the region, so much of it being invested into China.
And I said, "What's your name?" "Henry."
I know I don't need it.
She was 16 years old last year when I met her, and she aspired to be a professional dancer.
We learned that you can't have success without a little, or a lot, of failure.
Pound for pound, its immediate impact is far greater than carbon dioxide.
So that's what we're driving to for 2010.
That's the real Piero della Francesca -- one of the greatest portraits in human history.
But you can see in this picture, we were starting to construct an educational center that became quite a large environmental center in Brazil.
In each point of those spots, we had planted a tree.
All of these great fictional characters, all of them who were hurt by their condition, all of them who spawned thousands of other books and other films, all of them were fostered, adopted or orphaned.
You can see here, the small planets dominate the picture.
So in the second year of life, babies can use a tiny bit of statistical data to decide between two fundamentally different strategies for acting in the world: asking for help and exploring.
All the natural biomechanics mediated by the central nervous system emerged via the synthetic limb as an involuntary, reflexive action.
So before we can really start to make life, we have to really think about where it came from.
Well, first of all, we need to support a different business model for the Internet, one that does not rely entirely on advertisements for revenue and for growth.
Here, we have all the binary arithmetic and logic that drove the computer revolution.
Now fear starts to come in.
CA: So, you've got a big pot of money and a world full of so many different issues.
In cases of diseases of the nervous system some of those organs had memory.
It's extremely time-consuming, labor-intensive and it is something that is going to involve a lot more people, to begin to piece together our past.
When I was writing up my notes oil was $140 per barrel.
If they can do it in 10 seconds, they're going to actually earn that money.
Dmitry and I teamed up, and we began working on a way to build this technology.
Obviously, if he's God, then that would mean that when he asks the question, it's for your benefit, not his.
It may be the next rainforest, in terms of pharmaceuticals.
I think that's true for many of us, and I want to give you two examples of how music is one of the most powerful interfaces we have, from ourselves to the outside world.
One of the more elaborate techniques for doing this dates back 2,500 years to Ancient Greece.
Now we can fast forward many thousands of years into the Bronze Age and beyond.
You shake it hard and it breaks apart.
A 2010 study showed that an octopus in captivity can recognize different humans.
So here we have Alice in green and Bob in red.
Give us that kind of dreaming, that kind of doing.
I remember what she looked like before she left.
So one thing I want to encourage you to think about is the idea of what an urban island is.
That's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
First, I'm going to show you that this is a magnetic pulse.
Now if you're anything like me, your mind is already reeling with the possibilities of what we can do with this kind of technology, so let's look at a few.
There's what we call atavism activation.
I gave her my whole rap, and when I finished she looked at me and she said, "Mmm mmm mmm."
So 500 people applied, and four were selected to actually go and tour the facility in question, and thus inspect it and then blog about it.
I would think no one in this room understands the first four jargon points.
We're trying to figure out how to build technologies that let us look at and repair the brain.
Child number two comes back but looks like that over their shoulder all the time.
2013 broke new records: 155 colleagues killed, 171 seriously wounded, 134 abducted.
This is not a good thing, because while stories are important and they help us to have insights in many ways, we need the media.
Is it excreted in your kidneys?
But I think this is a mistake, for two main reasons.
It's an integrated system that has evolved despite all the planning and so on.
Now, before I tell you about the technology, the bad news is that a significant fraction of us in this room, if we live long enough, will encounter, perhaps, a brain disorder.
But," she said, "but they did not touch my breasts."
Maybe all the action takes place inside the mysterious recently discovered dark matter, or dark energy, that appear to account for most of the universe's mass.
And this is very normal now, of modern day conflict, because they're easy to bring into wars.
This talk is about righting writing wrongs.
Sure, if we get it wrong, we could face the end of this civilization, but if we get it right, it could be the beginning of civilization instead.
And, consequently, most people -- I think most people probably here -- think that science will never answer the most important questions in human life: questions like, "What is worth living for?"
There's no doubt that big data is big business.
The sponsor family that was sending these 25 dollars a month to this orphanage to sponsor me, which -- I had never met them -- said, "Well ...
Now, the screen of course is flat, so the three-dimensional cube that you're experiencing must be your construction.
And because they used my own cells to build this bladder, it's going to be with me.
I don't know. So, so, because I have nothing to show, nothing to say, we shall try to speak about something else.
I had started out with a thousand TED Talks and I had 600 six-word summaries for those.
Unfortunately, I personally do not believe in the Marshall Plan.
This combination of alleles is known as genotype and its result, being yellow or green, is called phenotype.
They made another machine to produce those people: the school.
In southern Africa, the juicy mopane worm is a dietary staple, simmered in a spicy sauce or eaten dried and salted.
Let me mention the case of Edicson Ruiz.
See, they asked me what I wanted to be, then told me what not to be.
People started to get to know each other.
Now unfortunately, I can't show you that video.
So they lived on Mars time for a month and had these great adventures, like going bowling in the middle of the night or going to the beach.
If you can relate to my story and to these feelings, I'd like you to ask yourself a question that I wish I had asked myself back then.
And so for them, when they hear about the Children's Crusade in Birmingham, in many ways, if they see it on TV, it's like our looking at the 1863 "Lincoln" movie: It's history.
Though the Library of Alexandria and its countless texts are long gone, we’re still grappling with the best ways to collect, access, and preserve our knowledge.
So the design has a story.
Or who we really want to be, or should be?
The real core issue of interaction design is behavior.
OK, there were a couple of outliers, and yes, a few people asked for cash.
We don't measure how much a country spends on healthcare, we measure the length and quality of people's lives.
Well if you get the kiss now, it's over and done with.
What if we faced any pain we had caused each other, and instead of rejection or attack, could we listen?
They acknowledged her limitations, but they also saw her strengths, and they celebrated her for who she was.
It was a breath of fresh air.
So always think: how is your company and your job serving the greater good?
You know, his sense of self.
What does seem to matter today is very simple, whether your view of the world is that you take comfort from looking inwards and backwards, or whether, like me, you find hope in looking forwards and outwards.
We could end up with a species of human being on Earth that is slightly different from the species of human beings on Mars.
Earth has one; Venus and Mars do not.
The recommended daily intake varies from between 2.5-3.7 liters of water for men, and about 2-2.7 liters for women, a range that is pushed up or down if we are healthy, active, old, or overheating.
Well, we can measure renewables in the same units and other forms of power production in the same units.
Obviously the answer to this question is not going to be a single factor. If anyone tells you that there is a single-factor explanation for societal collapses, you know right away that they're an idiot. This is a complex subject.
Can we find a way to make them feel differently?
He said, "As long as you collect money by yourself, bring your students to build, you can do it."
I knew that I might get hacked for giving this talk, so let me save you the effort.
So we asked researchers to survey the participants.
He also told me that if the State of Mississippi wanted to keep the death penalty, then hey, they needed to provide counseling for the jurors.
I could go to Germany to study.
"It feels so bad, something's gotta be working there."
It's a very interesting, eclectic membership.
And it's a powerful and empowering tool.
She wasn't unhappy about this. She was resigned.
We must think globally and act regionally.
When we introduced sales, we saw the monkeys paid attention to that.
I still consider that every group I join might be right, and I hope I never lose that hope.
What makes something worthwhile for me is the people I work for or with, the conditions I work under and the audience that I'm able to reach.
I think we need to renew our spirit of exploration.
They're only rules of thumb, so of course they don't apply to everything, but this is how you can generalize.
What's really at stake perhaps here is not the medicine itself but a metaphor.
You're married, you follow directions well.
For most of human history, the powerful states and empires were pretty much always at war with each other, and peace was a mere interlude between wars.
It's deeply embedded in the brain.
So there's an increase in people having to have their fillings replaced.
My palms are a little bit clammy.
And my parents were part of a landed property family.
At the time, I'd barely heard about Calais, but it took about two or three seconds to figure out Calais is basically known for two things.
So the human brain is larger than it should be, it uses much more energy than it should, so it's special.
Don't like how things are in your campus or city or country?
And now when I looked through the microscope, I could see this fresh, young, human heart muscle growing back in the injured wall of this rat's heart.
It is every time, every single important issue.
When I was a kid, I hid my heart under the bed, because my mother said, "If you're not careful, someday someone's going to break it."
Then one day I had a fever of 104.7 degrees.
I love it because it has forced me to find and cling to joy.
So this takes care of my age.
The very idea of a fat dance work by such a prestigious company was, to put it mildly, controversial, because nothing like it had ever been done on mainstream dance stages before anywhere in the world.
Will I not make enough money?
There are no appeals, and only 20 percent of the time does the employee win.
We now know that there is a very broad spectrum of autism.
And that is something I will keep in my heart forever.
It's considering the implications of what this generation has to say to the rest of us.
The currency acts similar to shares in a company, like on the public stock market, increasing in value as it's traded online.
For the first time in history, more people commit suicide than are killed by crime and terrorism and war put together.
That marriage lasted for a year.
It is time to scale this up.
In the stock market, the price of stock is based on the supply and demand of investors.
And during Terence's illness, I, we, we wanted to believe the story of our fight together too.
But we can also pull up, using speech-to-text translation, we can pull the entire transcript, and that works even for people with kind of funny accents like myself.
And so the ending point for this is that actually, we can turn to Hollywood.
This is Alexis and her daughter Lesley.
Here they are, 24 years old in their garage.
And the feedback that comes from the avatar is being processed directly by the brain without the interference of the skin.
It was really humbling to see for the first time, to really understand that even if I could have taken a magic wand and fixed everything, I probably would have gotten a lot wrong.
I wanted to understand how violence, how oppression, works.
And the urban planner in London goes, "What do you mean, who's in charge of London's — I mean, no one is in charge."
So, maybe over 10 years ago now, our library got flooded.
We were a unit -- a loud, messy brawling, loyal, loving, lasting unit.
There are 10 times as many centenarians as there are in North America.
Then you use the symmetry of special relativity and you get an even simpler set down here, showing that symmetry exhibits better and better.
It's been two months, and every day I still hear the echoes of the "pop, pop" sound of the gunfire.
So let me start by talking about crack cocaine, and how it transformed the gang.
And yet, I would like to think that I am more than my genes.
And I said, "So, you believe the Native Americans are descended from a people who were totally evil?"
And last year, we published a study which showed that a gene that's been linked to schizophrenia, when mutated, also smashes the sleep.
But, nothing else will matter if we fail to protect the ocean.
But many people today -- philosophers, artists, doctors, scientists -- are taking a new look at what I call "the third act" -- the last three decades of life.
And it's all about this question, in a very artistic and indirect kind of way.
Touched by his heroic mission, the Gods spread Jason’s call for help, and soon he had assembled a not-so-motley crew.
You show me a man who can sit with a woman who's just had it, she can't do it all anymore, and his first response is not, "I unloaded the dishwasher!"
We self-edit as we’re having ideas.
Let me tell you about that, but let me start with comfort.
And this is Jack Geiger, who's one of the heroes of the U.S. public health community.
We'll come back to them later.
So I started thinking about that, but my thoughts didn't crystallize until about a month later.
Then I think, "Stop. What did I eat yesterday?
Because I really believe it can disrupt outdated modes of business, help us leapfrog over wasteful forms of hyper-consumption and teach us when enough really is enough.
They self-aggregated into a network, became an integrated chip.
This is a narrative that's all too commonly unraveling here in this state.
"The two Rockettes on the left aren't kicking in a straight line."
Third, that thou shall have reverence.
High on past-positive. Moderately high on future.
That's where the third clue comes in.
Since people are creating value while they're learning, they don't have to pay with their money, they pay with their time.
I called up my friend, Professor Mike Tyler in the University of Adelaide.
It's still this technology just stacked onto something.
If I was to repeat it and slow it down, visually it looks like a piece of music.
The artists on the street will swell the ranks of the unemployed.
They have cultivated a brand of professionalism, business acumen and innovation.
Who are you spending time with? On what topics?
NGOs and donor organizations, they can do their best, but it's not going to be enough.
They don't know whether and how to invest.
Actually, sitting here today in Mysore, we're closer to Malé than we are to Delhi, for example.
But I believe there is a second climate crisis, which is as severe, which has the same origins, and that we have to deal with with the same urgency.
One after another, they came in and ordered Feynman sandwiches.
These radio waves penetrate through walls.
Can't we just keep celebrating the way we've been doing for a century, without having to delve into all this serious research?
And even you can approach it, and it will open up to let you jump through, as you see in this image.
To study -- to understand the problem better, I undertook a year-long research to study the lack of awareness about menstruation and the root cause behind it.
A couple colleagues and I studied hospitals.
And it's the shapes of proteins which enable them to carry out their remarkable biological functions.
They're only allowed to cheer when the game is over.
And they are: why do things happen, and how do things happen?
East Asia today has more of those global hubs than any other region in the world.
He lives entirely in the present moment.
They don't seem to be of our creation.
In absolute honesty, first of all I can't see through these envelopes.
So they're putting a lot of strategic investment focused in this area.
And he was finally brought back into school, not by the offer of GCSEs, but by the offer of learning how to become a carpenter, a practical making skill.
In China, we built a headquarters for an energy company and we designed the facade like an Issey Miyake fabric.
Now why are you just wandering around saying this obvious thing?"
I mean, that's, at least, how it made me happy.
You remember the space race in the '60s was for national prestige, because we lost the first two milestones.
And so, number two: in order to love our opponents, tend the wound.
In fact, all across the globe, people have been gaining height.
We got the lightbulbs replaced, and we cleaned every classroom to its core, recycling every, every textbook that was not needed, and discarded thousands of old materials and furniture.
If you do really well you get the large reward, on down.
The entire world's peoples will be unified in this paradise on Earth and live happily ever after.
It's the idea that if you see a problem, you work to fix it, and not just complain about it.
I had a children's book out in Turkey, and when the book was published, I did lots of events.
She was nursing, and one day a keeper took a cigarette break and he was looking into the window into their pool, smoking.
And why stop at just playing the global political and economic system as it exists to your own maximum advantage?
How do you know that long-distance movement means trade rather than migration?
And you also knew, more or less, that if you were to go back in time 200 years and ask the following statesman with equally fabulous hair, "Tom, what should I say?"
Music was once a very physical thing.
And if you think about it, all these different societies have different geometric design themes that they use.
Now what I want to share with you is one of my most touching Movember moments, and it happened here in Toronto last year, at the end of the campaign.
Now we call it "cyberbullying" and "online harassment."
And suddenly I saw my grandmother standing behind my mother.
But I think there's going to be huge impacts.
No, well, I don't mind sharing.
The healthy liver cell divides only when it is stressed; the healthy hair cell divides frequently; and the cancer cell divides even more frequently and recklessly.
Would my son's really relaxed and carefree nature become fearful and withdrawn?
Just exactly what Al is trying to do, Rick is doing.
The movement of grace is what changes us, heals us and heals our world.
It's when we warmed it up, and we turned on the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the piece metal was still there in one piece.
But then I gave up and I said, "Well, art is whatever."
In fact, if you were to be treated, you might well end up being treated by a person who has no medical credentials as this case from Rajasthan illustrates.
Generally, what you see in green is not desertifying, and what you see in brown is, and these are by far the greatest areas of the Earth.
And the ironic thing about it is that they are not staving off the aquatic theory to protect a theory of their own, which they've all agreed on, and they love.
What ever happened to the Small Hadron Collider?
Well, we've seen good results so far.
If you go forward the next 10 years and cap the price of oil at 100 dollars a barrel, you will pay 2.2 trillion.
For a minute, I felt like my existence as a person had been noticed, and I was worth saving.
So I'm going to show you one that can be run on a desktop in two days in the next picture.
And so I starting thinking, not only am I not happy with the past, now I'm getting choked with, "I've only got 22 years left."
So what's a good definition for cyborg?
We use science to create something wonderful.
Well, will we, in that case, win the race?
In fact, it turned out there was a few local and international academics that were still working there.
You might be surprised having seen Kleiber as such a hyperactive guy.
Until 2017 claimed that record -- and left many people longing for earlier decades, when the world seemed safer, cleaner and more equal.
It said, "If you're not outraged, you haven't been paying attention."
You cannot humiliate the person who feels pride.
And little did I know, that you should listen to eight year-olds.
So that means that surfaces can intersect themselves, they can become impossibly small.
Faced with a patriarchal society, they have found that by helping each other out, all benefit.
It's five minutes long. They are being recorded.
She is no more a free individual.
You know, they're a step in size from the entire observable universe.
JL: What's colic? SL: It's when you get this stomach ache and all you do is scream for, like, four hours.
There's lots of seamounts in the Phoenix Islands, which are specifically part of the protected area.
Brain studies have shown that the withdrawal of romantic love activates the same mechanisms in our brain that get activated when addicts are withdrawing from substances like cocaine or opioids.
When I was born there was less than one billion children in the world, and today, 2000, there's almost two billion.
This equation, though, allows you to calculate everything -- other than gravity -- that happens in the universe.
Nowadays, we don't really recognize a book as something that sits on our shelf or music as something that is a physical object that we can hold.
They're doing a lot of clean energy.
All we are left with is the skeleton, if you will, of the liver, all made up of collagen, a material that's in our bodies, that will not reject.
So the way we infer the presence of dark matter -- we can't see it -- but there's an unmistakable tug, due to gravity.
Now, one of the most frightening things, in my view, at this moment, are the kinds of things that AI researchers say when they want to be reassuring.
See those hands there? These are not built for farming.
They decided that he shouldn't be held indefinitely because he scores high on a checklist that might mean that he would have a greater than average chance of recidivism.
The fact is, social cohesion matters.
As I walked around this morning, I noticed most of the buildings were huge mirrors reflecting the sun back into the desert.
Since then, we've been building drones for our collaborators from around the world, and these include fellow biologists and partners from major conservation organizations.
But I'd just like to quote, finish at the end with a reference to a British author, an Oxford author whom I don't quote very often, C.S. Lewis.
And so what you realize is that Darwin, in a sense, had the idea, he had the concept, but was unable to fully think it yet.
It turns out, merely watching a romantic comedy causes relationship satisfaction to plummet.
That spark is about to be conferred by the creator in that finger, which is one millimeter from the hand of Adam.
Actually, we found 100 percent is easier to do than 90 percent or 50 percent.
CA: Tim, thank you for a very important talk. Thank you.
I just wanted to show this picture because this is remarkable.
"Another joke on old white males. Ha ha. The wit.
And this is the team and the people that are doing this.
But when I learned about the dangers of rejection or attack, I thought, it's time to change this.
I have a suitcase full of books.
For most strains, you could get one to two doses of vaccine per egg.
Okay, but what distinguishes it from an offensive unit?
You know they do polls, right?
That sensitivity is what we need. Once this belief enters, behavior will happen, business will happen.
And the challenge, really, is to pull the global average up here.
Certainly, rescuing people at the water's edge is important enough work.
The red shows, obviously, closed-canopy tropical forest, and then you see the cookie cutting, or the cutting of the forest in yellows and greens.
Well, frankly, neither are many scientists, so the debate over the moon illusion still rages on and may continue as long as we still see it in the night sky.
Five months later, that is Angeline.
Eventually, the rivers reverted back to a state that was more similar to what they would have looked like before this climate event, but it took a long, long time.
So this is the timeline, and if you've ever edited video, you're familiar with this, but instead of clips in the timeline, what you're looking at is web events pulled into the video.
Why is that? Why is that happening?
I even saw children, who looked the same age as me, filling up these clear plastic bottles with dirty water from streams on the roadside.
Group by broccoli, group by your favorite vegetable, something you can aspire to.
Because when you're seeing the Middle East, you see only the bad news.
And the friction that's generated locks it in place and prevents the spring from retracting the tip.
But even when we compare with the possible, instead of the past, we still make certain kinds of mistakes.
OK, and when you feel the sensation -- it might take a while -- drop it into the glass.
That's one of the problems of the test.
So this would just be another example of clothes that exist in our wardrobe that evolve with us over our lives.
I'm not talking about the stuff that falls from the sky and hits you on the head.
And so I thought, "Maybe if it can promote cell growth, it can inhibit cell death, too."
But, as observed, after most injuries in humans, there is this intervening gap of intact neural tissue through which recovery can occur.
Yeah. And I say, "OK, this looks nice, let me print it out, that thing."
And now when the kid comes, it's an experience.
And that would also explain so much of what was strange about his behavior that day.
Some personal data and some neuroscience gave us permission to be offline a little bit more, and a little bit of boredom gave us some clarity and helped some of us set some goals.
What's the origin story of the Middle East?
This is a commercially -- available color television set.
It may be that the social singularity ahead is the one that we fear the most: a convergence of catastrophes, of environmental degradation, of weapons of mass destruction, of pandemics, of poverty.
You know, you're not supposed to take long, warm showers.
Consciousness also is what makes life worth living.
Who's to say what these numbers would be if it wasn't for the brave, courageous act of Peter?
They've got to trek under sweltering suns to some of the most remote, difficult to reach places in the world.
So we refounded the mobile unit and took Shakespeare to prisons, to homeless shelters, to community centers in all five boroughs and even in New Jersey and Westchester County.
Library of Congress: 17 million books, of which half are in English.
We have corporates that have stood behind us, and we are able to, now, open more schools.
I didn't speak Hindi. I'd never been to India. Hadn't a clue.
Research suggests that some are more susceptible than others, especially those who are self-conscious, anxious, and afraid of being judged negatively by others.
If we can have Mars Rovers, you'd think you could turn pages.
But it is a politics of principle, not of partisanship.
You take something which is that good and then you weaken it on purpose, making all of us less secure as an end result.
Wouldn't it be great if we could do that more systematically?
So there are lands few and far between on Earth itself that are hospitable to humans by any measure, but survive we have.
My friends would tell jokes, but I didn't understand them.
Real languages also change over time.
You design a set of rules that will make sure that the particular reason why the financial system "almost-collapse" can't happen again.
Currently there are 509 million cellphones in Indian hands, in India.
Here's three visions of an object. What's the fourth one?
Or perhaps God set the whole universe going at the beginning and then relinquished control forever, so that natural processes could occur, and evolution run its course.
What's the place to start if you're interested in the physical world, in not being helpless, and in finding some toys to play with?
It was a speaking event in front of groups of entrepreneurs from around the world.
With social networks, we are dealing with a completely new infrastructure, with its own mechanisms, its own logic of action and therefore, also, its own new dangers, which had not yet existed in the predigitalized public sphere.
There were a lot of risks involved that they talked about during the informed consent portion.
Both of these rely on cognitive surplus.
I stopped loving work. I couldn't restart the engine.
Coaches trust our ability of our machine to identify these variations.
We're concentrating our attention on four locations.
So it gained some traction, and we're trying to roll this out and trying to use it for educational purposes, but also, perhaps in the future, in a more clinical situation.
Girl 5: For a girl's game also usually they'll have really pretty scenery with clouds and flowers.
What can I say? I don't know what to say, Natalie. We, uh... NM: Is this what marriage is about?
The basis of capitalism in America is slavery.
It brings a sense of order to a very chaotic universe.
You can go then and study corals and figure out how often do you see this.
So the books are in English, the journals are done in English, but that is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
And we forget there is no progress without change.
Or the garage doors that are brought from San Diego in trucks to become the new skin of emergency housing in many of these slums surrounding the edges of Tijuana.
So, as an architect, I don't think in the future we should repeat those soulless matchboxes anymore.
Kids -- you can see these signs in kids.